downloads/index.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Downloads
visible_title: "Download Ehcache"
permalink: /downloads/
active_menu_id: ehc_mnu_download
---

## Direct/Manual Downloads


#### Ehcache 3

> [Ehcache 3.5 latest](https://github.com/ehcache/ehcache3/releases/download/v3.5.2/ehcache-3.5.2.jar) .jar

#### Ehcache 3 with clustering support

> [Ehcache 3.5 (with clustering) kit](https://github.com/ehcache/ehcache3/releases/download/v3.5.2/ehcache-clustered-3.5.2-kit.zip) .zip


More files related to releases of Ehcache 3 are available on the project's [GitHub release page](https://github.com/ehcache/ehcache3/releases).

[License](/about/license.html) (Apache 2.0),  [3rd Party Licenses](https://confluence.terracotta.org/display/release/Third+Party+Licenses){: target="_blank"} (Apache 2.0),  [Legal Notices](http://documentation.softwareag.com/legal/){: target="_blank"}

---

#### Ehcache 2.x

> [Ehcache 2.10.4](http://d2zwv9pap9ylyd.cloudfront.net/ehcache-2.10.4-distribution.tar.gz)  .tar.gz


For more information on this release, see the [release notes](http://www.terracotta.org/confluence/display/release/Home).

For JSR107 support with Ehcache 2, use the [ehcache-jcache](https://github.com/ehcache/ehcache-jcache/releases) module.

---



## Maven

### Maven Snippet


#### Ehcache 3

To include Ehcache 3.x in your project, use:

<pre class="prettyprint highlight"><code class="language-xml" data-lang="xml">    &lt;dependency&gt;
      &lt;groupId&gt;org.ehcache&lt;/groupId&gt;
      &lt;artifactId&gt;ehcache&lt;/artifactId&gt;
      &lt;version&gt;3.5.2&lt;/version&gt;
    &lt;/dependency&gt;
</code></pre>

_Note: Be sure to substitute the version number above with the version number of Ehcache that you want to use._

#### Ehcache 2

To include Ehcache 2.x in your project, use:

<pre class="prettyprint highlight"><code class="language-xml" data-lang="xml">    &lt;dependency&gt;
      &lt;groupId&gt;net.sf.ehcache&lt;/groupId&gt;
      &lt;artifactId&gt;ehcache&lt;/artifactId&gt;
      &lt;version&gt;2.10.4&lt;/version&gt;
      &lt;type&gt;pom&lt;/type&gt;
    &lt;/dependency&gt;
</code></pre>

_Note: Be sure to substitute the version number above with the version number of Ehcache that you want to use._

---

### General Maven Info

#### Releases

_Releases are available on Maven Central_.

Ehcache publishes releases for all modules to the Sonatype Maven repository at: [http://oss.sonatype.org/](http://oss.sonatype.org/)

You can browse the repository <a href="https://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/releases/">here &rsaquo;</a> look for Ehcache 3.x under `org/ehcache` and Ehcache 2.x under `net/sf/ehcache`.

From there the releases are immediately synced with the Maven central repository.

#### Snapshots

Ehcache publishes regular snapshots for Ehcache 3.x to the Sonatype Snapshot Maven repository.

Note that snapshots are recommended for developer testing only.

You can browse the snapshot repository <a href="http://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/sourceforge-snapshots">here &rsaquo;</a> look for Ehcache 3.x under `org/ehcache`.

To get snapshots you will need to add the following repository to your maven config:

<pre class="prettyprint highlight"><code class="language-xml" data-lang="xml">    &lt;repositories&gt;
      &lt;repository&gt;
        &lt;id&gt;sourceforge</id&gt;
        &lt;url&gt;https://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/snapshots/&lt;/url&gt;
        &lt;snapshots&gt;
          &lt;enabled&gt;true&lt;/enabled&gt;
        &lt;/snapshots&gt;
      &lt;/repository&gt;
    ...
    &lt;/repositories&gt;
</code></pre>

Commit message:

Update download page to reference to 2.10.5
and also redirect users to terracotta.org for samples

downloads/index.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Downloads
visible_title: "Download Ehcache"
permalink: /downloads/
active_menu_id: ehc_mnu_download
---

## Direct/Manual Downloads


#### Ehcache 3

> [Ehcache 3.5 latest](https://github.com/ehcache/ehcache3/releases/download/v3.5.2/ehcache-3.5.2.jar) .jar

#### Ehcache 3 with clustering support

> [Ehcache 3.5 (with clustering) kit](https://github.com/ehcache/ehcache3/releases/download/v3.5.2/ehcache-clustered-3.5.2-kit.zip) .zip


More files related to releases of Ehcache 3 are available on the project's [GitHub release page](https://github.com/ehcache/ehcache3/releases).

[License](/about/license.html) (Apache 2.0),  [3rd Party Licenses](https://confluence.terracotta.org/display/release/Third+Party+Licenses){: target="_blank"} (Apache 2.0),  [Legal Notices](http://documentation.softwareag.com/legal/){: target="_blank"}

---

#### Ehcache 2.x

> [Ehcache 2.10.5](http://d2zwv9pap9ylyd.cloudfront.net/ehcache-2.10.5-distribution.tar.gz)  .tar.gz


For more information on this release, see the [release notes](http://www.terracotta.org/confluence/display/release/Home).

The clustered cache samples (colorcache, events) are now only available from the [Terracotta Server Open Source Kit ](http://www.terracotta.org/open-source/); look for the Terracotta Server 4.x and Older paragraph.

For JSR107 support with Ehcache 2, use the [ehcache-jcache](https://github.com/ehcache/ehcache-jcache/releases) module.

---



## Maven

### Maven Snippet


#### Ehcache 3

To include Ehcache 3.x in your project, use:

<pre class="prettyprint highlight"><code class="language-xml" data-lang="xml">    &lt;dependency&gt;
      &lt;groupId&gt;org.ehcache&lt;/groupId&gt;
      &lt;artifactId&gt;ehcache&lt;/artifactId&gt;
      &lt;version&gt;3.5.2&lt;/version&gt;
    &lt;/dependency&gt;
</code></pre>

_Note: Be sure to substitute the version number above with the version number of Ehcache that you want to use._

#### Ehcache 2

To include Ehcache 2.x in your project, use:

<pre class="prettyprint highlight"><code class="language-xml" data-lang="xml">    &lt;dependency&gt;
      &lt;groupId&gt;net.sf.ehcache&lt;/groupId&gt;
      &lt;artifactId&gt;ehcache&lt;/artifactId&gt;
      &lt;version&gt;2.10.4&lt;/version&gt;
      &lt;type&gt;pom&lt;/type&gt;
    &lt;/dependency&gt;
</code></pre>

_Note: Be sure to substitute the version number above with the version number of Ehcache that you want to use._

---

### General Maven Info

#### Releases

_Releases are available on Maven Central_.

Ehcache publishes releases for all modules to the Sonatype Maven repository at: [http://oss.sonatype.org/](http://oss.sonatype.org/)

You can browse the repository <a href="https://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/releases/">here &rsaquo;</a> look for Ehcache 3.x under `org/ehcache` and Ehcache 2.x under `net/sf/ehcache`.

From there the releases are immediately synced with the Maven central repository.

#### Snapshots

Ehcache publishes regular snapshots for Ehcache 3.x to the Sonatype Snapshot Maven repository.

Note that snapshots are recommended for developer testing only.

You can browse the snapshot repository <a href="http://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/sourceforge-snapshots">here &rsaquo;</a> look for Ehcache 3.x under `org/ehcache`.

To get snapshots you will need to add the following repository to your maven config:

<pre class="prettyprint highlight"><code class="language-xml" data-lang="xml">    &lt;repositories&gt;
      &lt;repository&gt;
        &lt;id&gt;sourceforge</id&gt;
        &lt;url&gt;https://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/snapshots/&lt;/url&gt;
        &lt;snapshots&gt;
          &lt;enabled&gt;true&lt;/enabled&gt;
        &lt;/snapshots&gt;
      &lt;/repository&gt;
    ...
    &lt;/repositories&gt;
</code></pre>
