events/index.md, before:

---
layout: events_page
title: News & Events
visible_title: "Events"
permalink: /events/
active_sub_menu_id: ehc_mnu_events_events
---
## Upcoming Conferences & Events

Meet our team and join our sessions at the following conferences

### SpringOne 2GX : September 14-17, 2015: Washington, DC
[Alex Snaps and Chris Dennis](https://2015.event.springone2gx.com/schedule/sessions/bringing_javax_cache_ing_to_your_application.html) speak about Bringing javax.cache’ing to your application.

### JavaOne : October 25-29, 2015 : San Francisco, CA
[Alex Snaps](https://events.rainfocus.com/oow15/catalog/oracle.jsp?event=javaone&search=snaps&search.event=javaoneEvent) speaks about Ehcache3:JSR 107 on Steroids [CON10204]
As the EG is looking at addressing the current shortcomings of JSR 107 with a future JCache 2.0 API, what can you do now to address your advanced caching use cases? Go for proprietary APIs? The brand new Ehcache3, besides ease of use, was crafted with that exact goal in mind: looking beyond the current spec. With close to no API tie-ins, Ehcache3 enables you to extend the JSR 107 API transparently. Whether you want to go off-heap and scale up; scale out by clustering your caches; or require transactions, automatic resource control, or scaling out of writes with write-behind, everything is available to you through a couple of configuration tweaks. Not only minimally intrusive but also available for free today in the open source Ehcache v3.

[Chris Dennis along with Brian Oliver (Architect, Oracle)](https://events.rainfocus.com/oow15/catalog/oracle.jsp?event=javaone&search=dennis&search.event=javaoneEvent) host Birds of a Feather Session – JCache 2.0: Where Do We Go from Here? [BOF6835]
The Java caching standard (JSR 107) was finally released in 2014, after 13 years of on-and-off work. The caching community has already started to move on, however. There is already discussion of what is missing from the current standard and what could or should be included in JCache 2.0. The JSR 107 specification leads and expert group members would like to engage the community in an open discussion of JCache 2.0. What important features are missing from JSR 107? What use cases should a future JCache 2.0 support? What features would be required to support those use cases? Attend this BOF session, get your voice heard, and engage directly with the rest of the caching community to help define the genesis of a JCache 2.0 standard.

### Devoxx : November 9-13, 2015 : Antwerp, Belgium
Speakers to be announced.

Commit message:

add info about bangalore meetup to events page.

events/index.md, after:

---
layout: events_page
title: News & Events
visible_title: "Events"
permalink: /events/
active_sub_menu_id: ehc_mnu_events_events
---
## Upcoming Conferences & Events

Meet our team and join our sessions at the following conferences and meetups.

### Open Source Seminar on Ehcache : October 17, 2015 : Bangalore, India

Great opportunity to hear directly from the architects and developers of Ehcache.  Learn about exciting new offerings,
JSR107 and the roadmap ahead.

You can also use this occasion to meet and directly talk about your use cases with them and also get to know how you
can become part of the large open source ecosystem around Ehcache.

[View flier with address and other details](ehcache_bangalore_meetup.pdf).


### JavaOne : October 25-29, 2015 : San Francisco, CA
[Alex Snaps](https://events.rainfocus.com/oow15/catalog/oracle.jsp?event=javaone&search=snaps&search.event=javaoneEvent) speaks about Ehcache3:JSR 107 on Steroids [CON10204]
As the EG is looking at addressing the current shortcomings of JSR 107 with a future JCache 2.0 API, what can you do now to address your advanced caching use cases? Go for proprietary APIs? The brand new Ehcache3, besides ease of use, was crafted with that exact goal in mind: looking beyond the current spec. With close to no API tie-ins, Ehcache3 enables you to extend the JSR 107 API transparently. Whether you want to go off-heap and scale up; scale out by clustering your caches; or require transactions, automatic resource control, or scaling out of writes with write-behind, everything is available to you through a couple of configuration tweaks. Not only minimally intrusive but also available for free today in the open source Ehcache v3.

[Chris Dennis along with Brian Oliver (Architect, Oracle)](https://events.rainfocus.com/oow15/catalog/oracle.jsp?event=javaone&search=dennis&search.event=javaoneEvent) host Birds of a Feather Session – JCache 2.0: Where Do We Go from Here? [BOF6835]
The Java caching standard (JSR 107) was finally released in 2014, after 13 years of on-and-off work. The caching community has already started to move on, however. There is already discussion of what is missing from the current standard and what could or should be included in JCache 2.0. The JSR 107 specification leads and expert group members would like to engage the community in an open discussion of JCache 2.0. What important features are missing from JSR 107? What use cases should a future JCache 2.0 support? What features would be required to support those use cases? Attend this BOF session, get your voice heard, and engage directly with the rest of the caching community to help define the genesis of a JCache 2.0 standard.

### Devoxx : November 9-13, 2015 : Antwerp, Belgium

Speakers to be announced - look for great sessions on Off-heap storage and making the most of JSR107 for caching.


## Recent Events

### SpringOne 2GX : September 14-17, 2015: Washington, DC
[Alex Snaps and Chris Dennis](https://2015.event.springone2gx.com/schedule/sessions/bringing_javax_cache_ing_to_your_application.html) speak about Bringing javax.cache’ing to your application.

A recording should become available through the SpringOne 2GX conference
