documentation/index.md, before:

---
title: Documentation
visible_title: "Ehcache Documentation"
permalink: /documentation/
---

# Documentation

<a name="current_version"/>

#### Current Documentation

| | |
|:----|:--|
|[Ehcache 3.0 User Guide](/documentation/3.0/) |[JavaDoc](/apidocs/3.0.1/index.html){:target="_blank"} |
|[Ehcache 2.10.x User Guide](/generated/2.10.2/html/ehc-all)   also available as [PDF](/documentation/2.10.2/pdf/index.html)|[JavaDoc](/apidocs/2.10.2/index.html){:target="_blank"} |
|---| &nbsp; |
|[Platform and Release Compatibility Tables](http://www.terracotta.org/confluence/display/release/Home){: target="_blank"}||
|[License](/about/license.html) (Apache 2.0),  [3rd Party Licenses](/files/legal/TOE_3.0.pdf) (Apache 2.0), [Legal Notices](http://documentation.softwareag.com/legal/){: target="_blank"}||

If you don’t find what you’re looking for in the docs, post a question to the [Ehcache support forums](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/ehcache-users){: target="_blank"}.

---

#### Release Notes

[Release Notes](https://confluence.terracotta.org//display/release/Home){:target="_blank"}  (all versions)

---

<a name="historical_versions"/>

#### Historical Versions

| | |
|:----|:--|
|[Ehcache 2.9.x User Guide](/documentation/2.9/)|[JavaDoc](/apidocs/2.9/index.html){:target="_blank"}|
|[Ehcache 2.8.x User Guide](/documentation/2.8/)|[JavaDoc](/apidocs/2.8.5/index.html){:target="_blank"}|
|Ehcache 2.7.x |[JavaDoc](/apidocs/2.7.6/index.html){:target="_blank"}|
|[Ehcache 2.6.x User Guide](/documentation/ehcache-2.6.x-documentation.pdf) (pdf)|[JavaDoc](/apidocs/2.6.9/index.html){:target="_blank"}|
|[Ehcache 2.5.x User Guide](/documentation/ehcache-2.5.x-documentation.pdf) (pdf)|[JavaDoc](/apidocs/2.5.2/index.html){:target="_blank"}|
|[Ehcache 2.4.1 User Guide](/documentation/EhcacheUserGuide-2.4.1.pdf) (pdf)|[JavaDoc](/apidocs/2.4.4/index.html){:target="_blank"}|
|[Ehcache 2.4 User Guide](/documentation/EhcacheUserGuide-2.4.pdf) (pdf)||
|[Ehcache 2.0 - 2.3 User Guide](/documentation/EhcacheUserGuide-2.0-2.3.pdf) (pdf)||
|[Ehcache 1.7.1 User Guide](/documentation/EhcacheUserGuide-1.7.1.pdf) (pdf)||
|[Ehcache 1.6 User Guide](/documentation/EhcacheUserGuide-1.6.pdf) (pdf)||
|[Ehcache 1.5 User Guide](/documentation/EhcacheUserGuide-1.5.pdf) (pdf)||
|[Ehcache 1.4 User Guide](/documentation/EhcacheUserGuide-1.4.pdf) (pdf)||
|[Ehcache 1.3.0 User Guide](/documentation/EhcacheUserGuide-1.3.0.pdf) (pdf)||
|[Ehcache 1.2.4 User Guide](/documentation/EhcacheUserGuide-1.2.4.pdf) (pdf)||
|[Ehcache 1.2.4 User Guide](/documentation/EhcacheUserGuide-1.2.4.pdf) (pdf)||
|[Ehcache 1.2.3 User Guide](/documentation/EhcacheUserGuide-1.2.3.pdf) (pdf)||

Commit message:

:memo: Add link to Resources from documentation page

documentation/index.md, after:

---
title: Documentation
visible_title: "Ehcache Documentation"
permalink: /documentation/
---

# Documentation

<a name="current_version"/>

#### Current Documentation

| | |
|:----|:--|
|[Ehcache 3.0 User Guide](/documentation/3.0/) |[JavaDoc](/apidocs/3.0.1/index.html){:target="_blank"} |
|[Ehcache 2.10.x User Guide](/generated/2.10.2/html/ehc-all)   also available as [PDF](/documentation/2.10.2/pdf/index.html)|[JavaDoc](/apidocs/2.10.2/index.html){:target="_blank"} |
|---| &nbsp; |
|[Platform and Release Compatibility Tables](http://www.terracotta.org/confluence/display/release/Home){: target="_blank"}||
|[License](/about/license.html) (Apache 2.0),  [3rd Party Licenses](/files/legal/TOE_3.0.pdf) (Apache 2.0), [Legal Notices](http://documentation.softwareag.com/legal/){: target="_blank"}||

In addition to the documentation, there are a number of resources available online - see the [Resources page](/resources/) for links to some of them.

If you don’t find what you’re looking for in the docs, post a question to the [Ehcache support forums](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/ehcache-users){: target="_blank"}.

---

#### Release Notes

[Release Notes](https://confluence.terracotta.org//display/release/Home){:target="_blank"}  (all versions)

---

<a name="historical_versions"/>

#### Historical Versions

| | |
|:----|:--|
|[Ehcache 2.9.x User Guide](/documentation/2.9/)|[JavaDoc](/apidocs/2.9/index.html){:target="_blank"}|
|[Ehcache 2.8.x User Guide](/documentation/2.8/)|[JavaDoc](/apidocs/2.8.5/index.html){:target="_blank"}|
|Ehcache 2.7.x |[JavaDoc](/apidocs/2.7.6/index.html){:target="_blank"}|
|[Ehcache 2.6.x User Guide](/documentation/ehcache-2.6.x-documentation.pdf) (pdf)|[JavaDoc](/apidocs/2.6.9/index.html){:target="_blank"}|
|[Ehcache 2.5.x User Guide](/documentation/ehcache-2.5.x-documentation.pdf) (pdf)|[JavaDoc](/apidocs/2.5.2/index.html){:target="_blank"}|
|[Ehcache 2.4.1 User Guide](/documentation/EhcacheUserGuide-2.4.1.pdf) (pdf)|[JavaDoc](/apidocs/2.4.4/index.html){:target="_blank"}|
|[Ehcache 2.4 User Guide](/documentation/EhcacheUserGuide-2.4.pdf) (pdf)||
|[Ehcache 2.0 - 2.3 User Guide](/documentation/EhcacheUserGuide-2.0-2.3.pdf) (pdf)||
|[Ehcache 1.7.1 User Guide](/documentation/EhcacheUserGuide-1.7.1.pdf) (pdf)||
|[Ehcache 1.6 User Guide](/documentation/EhcacheUserGuide-1.6.pdf) (pdf)||
|[Ehcache 1.5 User Guide](/documentation/EhcacheUserGuide-1.5.pdf) (pdf)||
|[Ehcache 1.4 User Guide](/documentation/EhcacheUserGuide-1.4.pdf) (pdf)||
|[Ehcache 1.3.0 User Guide](/documentation/EhcacheUserGuide-1.3.0.pdf) (pdf)||
|[Ehcache 1.2.4 User Guide](/documentation/EhcacheUserGuide-1.2.4.pdf) (pdf)||
|[Ehcache 1.2.4 User Guide](/documentation/EhcacheUserGuide-1.2.4.pdf) (pdf)||
|[Ehcache 1.2.3 User Guide](/documentation/EhcacheUserGuide-1.2.3.pdf) (pdf)||
